---
layout: page
title: Papers
permalink: /publication/
---

<h2>WordPars: A tool for orthographic and phonological neighborhood and other psycholinguistic statistics in PersianWordPars: A tool for orthographic and phonological neighborhood and other psycholinguistic statistics in Persian </h2>

<p>Behaviour Research Methods · Nov 9, 2021</p>
<p><a href="https://link.springer.com/article/10.3758/s13428-021-01712-4">Show publication</a></p>

<p>This paper presents a Windows program providing statistics on word and non-word stimuli in Persian, including word frequency, orthographic and phonological length, orthographic and phonological neighbors, and transposed-letter neighbors. It also generates possible non-words that are orthographic neighbors of the target word. Persian is an under-represented Indo-European language that has historically been influenced by Arabic and adopted certain characteristics in its writing, e.g., the omission of short vowels. This tool aims to help researchers in psycholinguistics, specifically with regard to isolated word recognition in Persian. This downloadable program computes the aforementioned indices free of charge. This tool uses two corpora, i.e., Zaya corpus and WorldLex, for reporting and computing statistics and is a user-friendly program provided in English that is also easy to work with for non-Persian researchers. It can be accessed from <a href="https://github.com/ssaneei/Wordpars">here</a>.</p>

<hr>

<h2>Automatic Clinical Report Generation of Thyroid Scintigraphy using Natural Language Processing and Bayesian Convolutional Neural NetworkAutomatic Clinical Report Generation of Thyroid Scintigraphy using Natural Language Processing and Bayesian Convolutional Neural Network</h2>
<p>IEEE · Oct 16, 2021IEEE · Oct 16, 2021</p>

<p><a href="https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9875728">Show publication</a></p>
<p>There are several pathological diseases affecting the thyroid gland, such as thyroiditis, goiter, thyrotoxicosis also malignant and benign nodules. One of the well-established examinations in early diagnosis, differentiation and treatment follow up is thyroid scintigraphy performed using radioactive compounds. Generating reports documenting the diagnosis process commonly performed by nuclear medicine (NM) physicians is usually laborious and time-consuming and can be accelerated by the aid of machine learning algorithms. The main purpose of this study was developing a method to generate clinical reports using planar thyroid images in order to save time as an aid to physicians. In this study, we included 268 adult cases referred for thyroid imaging. The report generated by a NM physician with more than 15 years of experience.</p>
