---
layout: post
title: Hi there :)
tags: [About me]
permalink: /summaries/
---

Hey! I'm Sarah :) I'm currently PhD candidate in Computational Linguistics in <a href ="https://www.unige.ch"> Unige </a> in CLCL lab, working partially as an assistant in Computational Neuroscience in NDLab, as well.

I became a fan of Linguistics since my English teacher talked about Etymology with us, when I was 9 years old. As working with Computer and solving mathematic -specially algebraic- problems were interesting to me, I filled my spare time -as a teenager- learning some more about them. After finishing school, I decided to choose a major which has a conflation of them and Computer Science was the best choice of mine. Studying Automata, Neural Networks, Artificial Intelligence, Numeral Analysis and courses in Algebra amused me and I was into courses such as Digital Design, Algorithm (ref book CLRS), Computer Architecture and Software Engineering. 

Meanwhile, I was studying French Language in Tehran University Institute and I felt that I seek more of French, its literature and grammar, so after finishing my B.Sc. in Computer Science- with heart full of joy about it-I followed my second love: French. 
After 4 years of B.A. in French Translation, one of my sincere professor suggested me to search about Computational Linguistics which made me super grateful, finding a major that has merged my interests. 

So I started studying Computational Linguistics -also known as Linguistics Engineering- in Sharif University of Technology. Extremely interested in Deep Learning as well as Syntax, I finished my master being the top rank student. 
Seeking for a position for doctorate in my discipline I applied and got accepted in many universities but I chose Geneva :) and to fill the remaining time till my PhD begins, I worked as an intern at Campus Biotech in Computational Neuroscience for about 6 months, the opportunity can never forget about.

I started my Phd position in the University of Geneva in CLCL lab since November 2021. :) 
As of my second bachelor, I get to know about neuroscience and the BCI, and working in Machine Learning, I found that I have an interest in studying brain functioning so I began a part time research assistant position in NDLab in Computational Neuroscience of Unige in September 2022.

Going on with the life journey, after having an amazing idea with my professor, Timothee Proix, I decided to change my PhD to Neuroscience. So as of Feb 2023, I am a PhD student in NoCE lab with my main supervisor, Valentina Borghesani and also NDLab with my co-supervisor Timothee Proix.

My research goal is to apply NLP approaches in Neuroscience, using LLMs to understand the brain functioning and hopefully the contribution would be to people with aphasia so that we can provide them with individualized/personalized rehabilitation process.

<!-- Source:

```markdown
- [x] Eating
- [ ] Walking
  - [ ] Running
- [ ] Sleeping
```

Rendered:

- [x] Eating
- [ ] Walking
  - [ ] Running
- [ ] Sleeping -->
